update dbt-redshift docs for changes to sslmode, autocommit, connect_timeout (#3456)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/redshift-setup.md

When the `iam_profile` configuration is set, dbt will use the specified profile from your `~/.aws/config` file instead of using the profile name `default`
## Redshift notes
### `sslmode` change

> Prior to dbt-redshift 1.5, `psycopg2` was used as the driver. `psycopg2` accepts `disable`, `prefer`, `allow`, `require`, `verify-ca`, `verify-full` as valid inputs of `sslmode`, and does not have a `ssl` paremeter, as indicated in postgresql [doc](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING:~:text=%2Dencrypted%20connection.-,sslmode,-This%20option%20determines). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before to dbt-redshift 1.5, `psycopg2` was used as the driver. `psycopg2` accepts `disable`, `prefer`, `allow`, `require`, `verify-ca`, `verify-full` as valid inputs of `sslmode`, and does not have an `ssl` parameter, as indicated in PostgreSQL [doc](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING:~:text=%2Dencrypted%20connection.-,sslmode,-This%20option%20determines). 
```

In dbt-redshift 1.5, we switched to using `redshift_connector`, which accepts `verify-ca`, and `verify-full` as valid `sslmode` inputs, and has a `ssl` parameter of `True` or `False`, according to redshift [doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/python-configuration-options.html#:~:text=parameter%20is%20optional.-,sslmode,-Default%20value%20%E2%80%93%20verify). 

> For backwards compatibility, dbt-redshift now supports for valid inputs for `sslmode` in `psycopg2`. We've added conversion logic mapping each of `psycopg2`'s accepted `sslmode` values to the corresponding `ssl` and `sslmode` parameters in `redshift_connector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, dbt-redshift now supports valid inputs for `sslmode` in `psycopg2`. We've added conversion logic mapping each of `psycopg2`'s accepted `sslmode` values to the corresponding `ssl` and `sslmode` parameters in `redshift_connector`.
```

> Table below details accepted `sslmode` parameters and how connection will be made according to each option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below details accepted `sslmode` parameters and how the connection will be made according to each option:
```

`sslmode` parameter | Expected behavior in dbt-redshift | Actions behind the scenes
-- | -- | --
disable | Connection will be made without using ssl | Set `ssl` = False
allow | Connection will be made using verify-ca | Set `ssl` = True &  `sslmode` = verify-ca
prefer | Connection will be made using verify-ca | Set `ssl` = True &  `sslmode` = verify-ca
require | Connection will be made using verify-ca | Set `ssl` = True &  `sslmode` = verify-ca
verify-ca | Connection will be made using verify-ca | Set `ssl` = True &  `sslmode` = verify-ca
verify-full | Connection will be made using verify-full | Set `ssl` = True &  `sslmode` = verify-full

> When connection is made using `verify-ca`, will look for CA certificate in `~/redshift-ca-bundle.crt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a connection is made using `verify-ca`, will look for the CA certificate in `~/redshift-ca-bundle.crt`.
```

> For more details on changes of sslmode, our design choices and reasoning, please refer to the [PR pertaining this change](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift/pull/439).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on sslmode changes, our design choices, and reasoning &mdash; please refer to the [PR pertaining to this change](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift/pull/439).
```

### `autocommit` parameter

The[ autocommit mode](https://www.psycopg.org/docs/connection.html#connection.autocommit) is useful to execute commands that run outside a transaction. Connection objects used in Python must have `autocommit = True` to run operations such as `CREATE DATABASE`, and `VACUUM`. `autocommit` is off by default in `redshift_connector`, but we've changed this default to `True` to ensure certain macros run successfully in your dbt project.

> If desired, you can define a seperate target with `autocommit=True` as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If desired, you can define a separate target with `autocommit=True` as such:
```
